[docs] SSL/TLS configuration with hashicorp vault YSQL plugin (#23979)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/integrations/hashicorp-vault.md

vault lease revoke <lease-ID>
```

## Configure SSL/TLS

> To allow YSQL hashicorp vault plugin to communicate securely over SSL with YugabyteDB database, you need the root certificate (`ca.crt`) of the YugabyteDB cluster. To generate these certificates and install them while launching the cluster, follow the instructions in [Create server certificates](../../secure/tls-encryption/server-certificates/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow YSQL Hashicorp Vault plugin to communicate securely over SSL with YugabyteDB database, you need the root certificate (`ca.crt`) of the YugabyteDB cluster. To generate these certificates and install them while launching the cluster, follow the instructions in [Create server certificates](../../secure/tls-encryption/server-certificates/).
```

> Because a YugabyteDB Aeon cluster is always configured with SSL/TLS, you don't have to generate any certificate but only set the client-side SSL configuration. To fetch your root certificate, refer to [CA certificate](../../yugabyte-cloud/cloud-secure-clusters/cloud-authentication/#download-your-cluster-certificate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because a YugabyteDB Aeon cluster is always configured with SSL/TLS, you don't have to generate any certificate but only set the client-side SSL configuration. To fetch your root certificate, refer to [CA certificate](../../yugabyte-cloud/cloud-secure-clusters/cloud-authentication/#download-your-cluster-certificate).
```

> To start a secure local YugabyteDB cluster using `yugabyted` refer to [Multi-node cluster](../../reference/configuration/yugabyted/#create-a-local-multi-node-cluster) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a secure local YugabyteDB cluster using `yugabyted`, refer to [Create a local multi-node cluster](../../reference/configuration/yugabyted/#create-a-local-multi-node-cluster).
```

For a YugabyteDB Aeon cluster, or a YugabyteDB cluster with SSL/TLS enabled, set the SSL-related connection parameters while adding the database by either of the following 2 ways:

> - Enter the credentials:

Reviewer 2: Isn't this way called the `dsn` way?

Author: Yes, have updated the doc accordingly.

> For a YugabyteDB Aeon cluster, or a YugabyteDB cluster with SSL/TLS enabled, set the SSL-related connection parameters along with other connection information while adding the database by either of the following 2 ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a YugabyteDB Aeon cluster, or a local YugabyteDB cluster with SSL/TLS enabled, set the SSL-related connection parameters along with other connection information while adding the database by either of the following ways:
```

    ```sh
    vault write database/config/yugabytedb plugin_name=ysql-plugin  \
    host="127.0.0.1" \
    port=5433 \
    username="yugabyte" \
    password="yugabyte" \
    db="yugabyte" \
    load_balance=true \
    yb_servers_refresh_interval=0 \
    sslmode="verify-full" \
    sslrootcert="path/to/.crt-file" \
    allowed_roles="*"
    ```

- Provide the connection information as a connection string:

    ```sh
    vault write database/config/yugabytedb \
    plugin_name=ysql-plugin \
    connection_url="postgres://{{username}}:{{password}}@localhost:5433/yugabyte?sslmode=verify-full&load_balance=true&yb_servers_refresh_interval=0&sslrootcert=path/to/.crt-file" \
    allowed_roles="*" \
    username="yugabyte" \
    password="yugabyte"
    ```

### SSL modes

The following table summarizes the SSL modes:

| SSL Mode | Client Driver Behavior | YugabyteDB Support |
| :------- | :--------------------- | ------------------ |

> | disable  | SSL Disabled | Supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| disable  | SSL disabled | Supported
```

| allow    | SSL enabled only if server requires SSL connection | Supported
| prefer (default) | SSL enabled only if server requires SSL connection | Supported
| require | SSL enabled for data encryption and Server identity is not verified | Supported
| verify-ca | SSL enabled for data encryption and Server CA is verified | Supported
| verify-full | SSL enabled for data encryption. Both CA and hostname of the certificate are verified | Supported

YugabyteDB Aeon requires SSL/TLS, and connections using SSL mode `disable` will fail.

## Known issues

When executing vault operations, the internal query may fail with the following error:

```output
ERROR: The catalog snapshot used for this transaction has been invalidated: expected: 2, got: 1: MISMATCHED_SCHEMA (SQLSTATE 40001)
```

A DML query in YSQL may touch multiple servers, and each server has a Catalog Version which is used to track schema changes. When a DDL statement runs in the middle of the DML query, the Catalog Version is changed and the query has a mismatch, causing it to fail.

> In these cases, the database aborts the query and returns a 40001 error code. Operations failing with this code can be safely retried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For such cases, the database aborts the query and returns a 40001 error code. Operations failing with this code can be safely retried.
```

> For more info, refer to [How to troubleshoot Schema or Catalog version mismatch database errors](https://support.yugabyte.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406287763597-How-to-troubleshoot-Schema-or-Catalog-version-mismatch-database-errors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to [How to troubleshoot Schema or Catalog version mismatch database errors](https://support.yugabyte.com/hc/en-us/articles/4406287763597-How-to-troubleshoot-Schema-or-Catalog-version-mismatch-database-errors).
```
